>> Maximiliano Firtman: Async iteration,
this is actually, again, not a big deal,
but there are not so
many direct use cases for this.
Something I will say,
you will use this for that.
But now, you can have a generator
that is async as well.
So in this case, you yield,
yield, yield, and
then when you do this, you can use a for
await, and that's a new part.
So it's a for where on every iteration,
it will have an await,
does that make sense?
So it's an async for,
that kind of the idea.
So, in this case, it's giving you a,
b and c, nothing really fancy, okay?
So it's actually executing
the generator until it's done.
Of course, when there is no more code,
the generator returns that it's I'm done.
Okay, I'm done, and
because I'm done the for...of finishes.
Again, it's not something that
you will use on a daily basis for
very specific purposes, but again,
it's something that's there anyway.
And now, as I mentioned before,
we do have a top-level await.
And this is new, okay,
the top-level level await is new.
It's from 2022, and the idea is that
you can do something like that,
like going and fetch some data and
use await directly in the top
level without a function,
but there is a big catch.
If I run this, it's not gonna work.
It say, come on, why?
Because it works only in
the bodies of modules.
So I can do this, it works,
but only in a module.
So for example here, the script3,
I can just put that here
because that's a module.
Remember, when it's a module, it depends
if it's Node.js or if it's a browser,
but that script should be a module.
If you do that,
then you can call an API or
a function that returns a promise.
You can use await for that without async,
without an async function.
If you're interested in why that
await is not anywhere else,
because it's kind of weird, there is.
If I remember correctly, it's a full
stack conference in London, 2016, okay?
Remember that, so
I was speaking there at that conference.
And there was one talk of the guy
that submitted the proposal,
top-level await to the ECMAScript process,
because he wanted
to do async await without async
directly like this everywhere.
And he was actually talking
about the experience of what and
how the browser's were
actually reacting to that.
And they were actually saying, we cannot
do that, and they will explain why bla,
bla, bla.
And the final solution
to that was to change
the proposal to work only on modules.
So they could do that on modules,
but not for the global context.
It has to do with the synchronous
blocking the thread and so on.
There is another exception to that,
but it's just for developers, for us.
It's a console.
So I can do await
fetch./labs/labs.json and it works.
I'm awaiting for it.
And I can even await now for
that and call .json.
So this is nested await,
and there is no async, okay?
And, oops, I have a problem somewhere.
I think, yeah, you're right.
[INAUDIBLE].
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Is this one, okay?
There, so I'm getting all the chapters
with all the lessons there and
the file that needs to be
loaded with all the code labs.
And so you can use top-level await in
the global context in dev tools.
That works in Firefox, Safari,
and Chrome, and Chromium.
But it's just for
us to work better while debugging,
but it actually is not
working really in the code.
So if I copy this and
paste this in the JavaScript,
it's not gonna work unless it's a module.